# eStyler
eStyler is a R&amp;D project by Prof. Dillon (roberto.dillon@ieee.org) to identify users by their unique typing styles, i.e. relying on keyboard dynamics for free-text analysis, or other unique means of input that can provide reliable biometric identification data.

The current proof-of-concept, released here under GPL 3.0 license, includes the following files:

PYTHON SCRIPTS:  

keyStyler.py
This file includes the biometric keylogger. It should be run in the background to monitor and save the user's typing data. It does not store "what" is being typed but "how".

classifier_plot.py
This file implements a OneClass-SVM to compare a reference file and a different one to detect possible anomalies. It is the machine learning part to decide whether the person typing is the legit user or a likely impostor. 

user_data_generator.py
This file can be used to generate somewhat realistic typing behavior and simulate typing users for testing purposes


SAMPLE TEST DATASET:

- One single user, three typing sessions on two different keyboards:
user1_keyboard1_session0.csv
user1_keyboard2_session1.csv
user1_keyboard2_session2.csv

- Data generated by user_data_generator.py
keyboard_dynamics_simulated_wpm30_acc0.95_words150.csv 
keyboard_dynamics_simulated_wpm60_acc0.7_words150.csv

NOTE/Disclaimer: These files are released with no warranty whatsoever, they are a work in progress and are meant for academic study only. Additional work is needed to make all this work in real-time in a production environment.
